Adding how to work with design section (#752)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/design/index.md

# Product Design

> The role of the product design team is to make validated decisions that enhance users experience of Sourcegraph.

Reviewer: This snuck in from our merge conflict resolution. I preferred it before.

```suggestion
The role of the product design team is to make validated decisions that enhance the user experience of Sourcegraph.
```

- Communicate openly, and solicit feedback frequently
- To be egoless when soliciting responses to our work

## How to work with design

*This section is WIP*

> Advice on how to best work with the design team at Sourcegraph. 
> 

Reviewer: I don't think this sentence is needed.

```suggestion
```

> We wanted to document this as design is new to Sourcegraph, and it might not be immediately clear how to get the most out of the design team. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Design is new to Sourcegraph, so we want to share how to get the most out of the design team. 
```

> - If you're in a pinch, the design team is here to help, so don't hesitate to solicit feedback from us. Even if you think your problem might not pertain to design, don't leave it to chance

Reviewer: This is really unclear what is work not pertaining to design - would you want to be part of an API design conversation for example? What sort of pinch would they be in? I think being more direct is sufficient.

```suggestion
- The design team is here to help, so don't hesitate to solicit feedback from us on your work.
```

- Generally, we favour an asynchronous approach to communication, this gives us some time to validate our responses

> - An example of a time to use immediate communication would be: if you're working from a design file, and you feel that something is missing

Reviewer: What are you trying to communicate with these two points? As a team we strive to communicate asynchronously, so how is this different from that?

> - If you feel that your GitHub issue could use input from design don't hesitate to assign one of us, or add the 'needs-design' tag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you need design help on your issue or pull request in GitHub, assign one of us or add the 'needs-design' tag.
```

> - On GitHub we have a design priorities project, so you can see what we're working on, and add anything you feel we may have missed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On GitHub we have a [design priorities project](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/projects/66) - take a look at what we're working on, and feel free to add anything you think we may have missed.
```

> - If you're unsure or unfamiliar with what we're working on, check our the design drive, all of our syncs are will be documented and available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you'd like more insight into what we're working on, check out [the design folder in Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1xBRaw_2Ulccd_2ts0Wcq4Rgs6LuVblLU), all of our meeting notes are documented and available.
```

> - We have a document type, the design execution document, that tracks active design projects. You can find all information about design projects here, and also contribute with feedback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We use [design execution documents](design-execution.md), to track active design projects. You can find all information about design projects and contribute feedback in the [design execution docs folder](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1z4m1wzi_UWvlMxYN5iqEv0I7MfxciE08).
```

- Communicate openly, and solicit feedback frequently
- To be egoless when soliciting responses to our work

## Working with design

*This section is WIP*

Working with design should feel fluid, you should be able to open an issue or bring up a concern in slack, and receive actionable feedback: either implementable, or a call to explore further.

You should also not feel limited to words, images (sketches, or references made by editing the broswer DOM) are also encouraged. 

Here are the best places to talk to us:

> **[Design execution documents](index.design-execution.md)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[Design execution documents](index.design-execution.md)**

```

- Leaving comments on any part of the document is encouraged

> **Figma**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Figma**

```

- Click 'C' whilst in Figma, or check the navigation bar in the top left hand corner and look for the comment icon; you can drop comments anywhere in a file, and the owner of the page will be notified via email

> **GitHub**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**GitHub**

```

- Assign one of the team, add the tag 'needs-design', and utilise the [design priorities project](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/projects/66)

> **Slack**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Slack**

```

- Communicate openly, and solicit feedback frequently
- To be egoless when soliciting responses to our work

## Working with design

*This section is WIP*

Working with design should feel fluid, you should be able to open an issue or bring up a concern in slack, and receive actionable feedback: either implementable, or a call to explore further.

You should also not feel limited to words, images (sketches, or references made by editing the broswer DOM) are also encouraged. 

Here are the best places to talk to us:

> **[Design execution documents](index.design-execution.md)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[Design execution documents](design-execution.md)**
```
